hey guys this is Dave from cook and
chair and today we're making up a simply
delicious wonderful flavorful chicken
BLT sandwich and believe me once you've
tried this it's definitely gonna be on
your lunch menu also I want to thank
angie for the great collage she made us
so let's get started I'm just gonna
begin here by shredding up some chicken
I poached and if you want to find out
how to poach chicken we've just released
a video so check it out once you've got
the chicken shred it up you're gonna add
it to a bowl throw in four tablespoons
of barbecue sauce and this is my
personal favorite Hunt's chicory but if
you're really adventurous you can make
your own and I'll put a link to our
recipe below then I'm just gonna take my
spatula here give this a quick mix and
set it aside
I've tasted this end there a lot of nice
flavors happening here this is simply
delicious at this point in time you want
to go ahead and fry up your bacon I like
my nice and crisp but it's entirely up
to you okay we're gonna start building
our sandwich first of course by
buttering a piece of toast now what you
want to do isn't add a nice thick even
layer of chicken followed by a slice of
cheese I'm just using cheddar cheese
here you can use your favorite cheese I
just like this because it's not too too
strong and overpowering then we'll just
top this off with our second layer of
toast now about four strips of that ever
so yummy crispy bacon next some fresh
crisp romaine lettuce two or three
slices of tomatoes some thinly sliced
onions finally we're gonna drizzle some
ranch dressing over the top
and you're ready to serve I'm just gonna
slice this diagonally and there you have
it our chicken BLT believe me guys
you're gonna want to try this or so many
wonderful flavors happening here it's
one of those things you just can't stop
eating head on over to cook and share
calm for this recipe and many more
recipes and don't forget to click that
subscribe button and like our videos
thanks for watching and see you next
time